# 2.1 Common Terms Used in Lamplight

{{Lamplight}} is an intuitive system and much of the terminology will be familiar to you. However, there are some key terms which will help you to find your way around.

### {{User}}
- These are the {{people}} you work with who benefit from your service. For more on {{people}} see section xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

### Profile
- Where all information about a particular person or organisation is held.

### {{Workarea}}
- Often these will be based on your workstreams – the services you provide or types of activity you carry out. For example, Mentoring, Ballet or Schools Outreach. They will probably already have been set up in your system, but the System Administrator can always add more or edit the ones that you have. .

### {{Subworkarea}}
- You can use these to further divide up the work you do. They help you to record a finer level of detail and monitor who is attending what. For example, Mentoring can be further divided into Education and Employment. As with {{workarea}}s, these will probably already be set up in your system, although the System Administrator can add and edit them. For more on this see the section on adding {{workarea}}s above. 

### {{Outcome}}s
- This is the change or difference you have made to your {{user}}s. This is measured over time and more than once to show before and after scores for comparison. To understand more about {{outcome}}s, please see section xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.

### {{Group}}
- {{Group}}s are used to make sets of {{people}} or {{org}}s that you have brought together for some reason: to communicate with, to report on, or to work with. You can create as many {{group}}s as you need and use them in various ways. For more on setting up {{group}}s, please see section xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx. 

### Tab
- Most pages in Lamplight are organised into tabs to keep everything tidy. Tabs are like folder dividers in a ring binder. To view the content of a tab, click on its title (see xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx).

### Field  
- This is where you add information to the system. Fields can be text areas, select boxes, date boxes, tick boxes etc.

### Search Bar
- The search bar is where you can find people organisations, work, outcomes - whatever you need to find.
There is always one in the top right of the screen. See xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx for more information. 

### Help
- This help manual can be found at any time by clicking on your initials and the 'Help' link to the right of the search and favourites. This contains detailed information on Lamplight’s set-up and how to carry out the processes that you need. 

### Table
- Data is organised in tables which display the information in rows across several columns (xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx)



###### core module
