# 1.5 Accessibility

Lamplight aims to meet the latest accessibility standards: [WCAG2.2 AAA](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/) as far as we can.
Our full [accessibility statement](https://lamplight.online/en/login/index/info/accessibility) is 
available on the main login page. Here are some of the main accessibility considerations.

## Using Lamplight
The [main menu](help/index/p/3.1) at the top provides access to the main elements of the system. The menu buttons in the 
top-right allow you to search for records and perform regular tasks. Click your initials to find 
more help, access your profile, and log out.

## Keyboard Navigation
If you prefer using a keyboard to navigate Lamplight, the Tab key moves you between areas of the page, 
for example groups of menu controls, or areas of a table. Within that section, the arrow keys
(⇧ ⇩ ⇦ ⇨ ) help you navigate. For example, tabbing into the main menu will focus on 'Home'. 
You can then use the arrow keys to move to other menu items.

Popup windows can be closed using the Esc key or the close button.

## Colour schemes and Dark Mode
System administrators can assign access keys using [Operator Templates](help/index/p/103) and change the colour scheme 
if needed. Several color scheme options are available, including one that follows the 
British Dyslexia Association guidelines. Lamplight will automatically [switch to dark mode](help/index/p/1.4) if 
your browser is set to dark mode. All built-in colour schemes have high contrast ratios.

## Adjusting Size and Spacing
If Lamplight appears too large or small, use your [browser's zoom feature](/help/index/p/3.6). Hold down the Ctrl key 
and press the + or - keys to zoom in or out, or hold Ctrl and use your mouse wheel. You can also 
reduce spacing between things using the 'compact view' button in the footer. Lamplight supports 
zoom out to 66% and in to 400%.

## Font Options
Lamplight allows you to change the font from a menu in the footer, including the 'Open Dyslexia' font, 
which some people find easier to read.

## Speech to text
Lamplight supports speech to text. We test with browser-based speech recognition, which is available in 
most browsers but will need to be enabled by your system administrator. If you have a microphone, you 
can use it to enter text in most text fields. You should also be able to use Dragon or other software.

## Screen Reader Compatibility
We test Lamplight using NVDA and hope it works with other screen readers. If you encounter any issues, 
please let us know. Lamplight supports browser-based speech recognition for those who prefer speaking to typing. 
This may need to be enabled in your system by a system administrator.

###### core module