# 134.2.1 Publishing Module: Rebuilding Search Indexes

When you publish a particular profile or {{work}} record, {{Lamplight}} builds a searchable index from that record.
If you use a free text search in your publishing module, there are times when you may need to rebuild the index.

## Explanation

The 'search index' is a copy of the data about records in your system containing searchable data in a format that's
quicker to search. If you use free text searches with the publishing module, it's this index that is searched.

When you edit records, this search index is updated by Lamplight, so you don't generally need to worry about it.

## When does the index need to be updated

If you change the fields that are used with the Publishing module, then the information they contain will not automatically
be added or removed from the search index for existing records.

Building the search indexes can take some time, depending on how many records you have in your system. So we don't
rebuild the search indexes every time you change custom fields or other publishing module settings, as they don't tend to
change very frequently and it would be inefficient to do so.

So you need to rebuild publishing module search indexes when:
1. You use free-text searches in your publishing module integration
2. You have changed the fields that are included in publishing module settings, either custom fields or built-in ones.

## How to rebuild the index

To rebuild the search index, you need to be a system administrator.

- Go to 'System admin' and find the 'Module settings' section at the bottom.
- In the 'Publishing Module' box, click on 'Rebuild publishing search index - profiles' or 'Rebuild publishing search
  index - {{work}}', depending on whether the changes you have made changes are to profile settings or {{work}} records.
- {{Lamplight}} will rebuild the index and give you a confirmation {{message}} when complete telling you how many
  records have been added and updated.

If you have significant numbers of records involved, we'd suggest doing this a the start or end of the day when 
colleagues are less likely to be using the system, as it can take some time to complete, and will slow things down for them
while it's working.


###### publish module
