# 134.1 Publishing Module: Security

The Publishing Module has multiple safeguards built in so that only the data you want to publish is accessible.

Using the publishing module allows a route for data into or out of your system, and so there are additional special
security controls to make sure that only the data you want to publish is available. These are controlled in the
[publishing module settings](/help/index/p/134.2) and are all switched off by default.

For an API call or a widget to be successful, the following checks all have to pass:

1. Is the publishing module turned on?
2. Does the request have the correct API key and credentials (equivalent to a username and password)?
3. Is the type of information requested (e.g. {{work}} records or profile information) allowed to be published or added?
4. Is the particular record being requested published (e.g. {{work}} record number 123)?

This last point is important. It's not enough to say set "I want to publish {{work}} records" in general. Each
individual {{work}} record has to be set to "published" in the {{work}} record itself. This means that you can have some
records published and some not, even if they are all in the same {{workarea}}. You can use repeating records, or
[{{work}} record templates](/help/index/p/113.2) to streamline this if needed.

If all the checks pass successfully, {{Lamplight}} will look at which pieces of data can be published (e.g. name and
phone number but not email address) and send it to your web server.

If you are using the API and developing your own integration, then your data can be processed further, so you could add
additional controls on your web server (e.g. don't display {{work}} records that have a particular {{workarea}}, or add
a registration/sign in mechanism so that only your members can see it). This approach gives you a very fine level of
control about what data is published, and where to.

We strongly recommend that the API key is kept secret, and for that reason we do not support jsonp responses that wrap
data in a javascript callback function, because that means that your API key is embedded in your website and is
therefore public.

###### publish module
