# 48.3 Public sign-in using the Publishing Module

The publishing module includes a sign-in module that allows you to register attendance at published {{work}} records
using membership cards with QR codes on them.

### Overview

The public sign-in feature lets your users sign in and out of your events using a specially prepared QR code. You can
set up a publicly accessible computer (or tablet or phone) showing a special registration page, and the camera on that
device is used to scan their QR code. When they leave, they sign out again in the same way. New clients can register
through the sign-in page too. This is all logged straight onto your {{work}} records so that you know who's attended
what, and the [Daily Register home page widget](/help/index/p/103.2.) shows you who has signed in and out that day.

#### Publishing module settings

First you'll need to make sure you have the publishing module, and that the settings are correct.
Please refer to [section 134](/help/index/p/134.4) 

#### Create a {{work}} record to use with the public register

You'll need to create and publish the {{work}} record in {{Lamplight}} first - see [section 48.2](/help/index/p/48.2).

#### Generating QR codes

Users can sign in and out using a QR code that you'll need to provide them with.  [Section 48.5](/help/index/p/48.5)
explains how to generate these codes in Lamplight.

#### Using the public sign-in page

You need to visit a particular URL on a registered device to see the register.  [Section 48.6](/help/index/p/48.6)
gives instructions on how to do this, and how to use the public sign-in page.

###### publish module

